fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/blog/2018-05-11-six-reasons-i-chose-gatsby/index.md

## #2: An extensive, well-architected plugin system

> One of the first things about Gatsby that impressed me was its plugin system. Like many other OSS tools such as Webpack and Babel, much of the power of Gatsby is provided by plugins. And that's a good thing. Its plugin architecture allows for incredibly deep integrations into almost every aspect of Gatsby: build configuration, data extraction and transformation, the build process, the browser at runtime, etc. This system has allowed not only the core Gatsby team to create powerful plugins, but the community to create equally powerful plugins as well. I've even tried my hand at [writing one](https://github.com/raygesualdo/gatsby-plugin-settings) (quite successfully, I might add). If there's a task you're looking to accomplish with Gatsby, odds are there is already a plugin for it. And if not, there's [plenty of documentation](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/) to help you get started writing one.

Author: ```suggestion
One of the first things about Gatsby that impressed me was its plugin system. Like many other OSS tools such as Webpack and Babel, much of the power of Gatsby is provided by plugins. And that's a good thing. Its plugin architecture allows for incredibly deep integrations into almost every aspect of Gatsby: build configuration, data extraction and transformation, the build process, the browser at runtime, etc. This system has allowed not only the core Gatsby team to create powerful plugins, but the community to create equally powerful plugins as well. I've even tried my hand at [writing one](https://github.com/raygesualdo/gatsby-plugin-settings) (quite successfully, I might add). If there's a task you're looking to accomplish with Gatsby, odds are there is already a plugin for it. And if not, there's [plenty of documentation](/docs/how-plugins-work/) to help you get started writing one.
```
